Update Upstream Pull instructions (#262)
ferrocene/ferrocene: ferrocene/doc/internal-procedures/src/upstream-pulls.rst

An "upstream pull" is a pull request that pulls in commits from the upstream Rust
repository back into the Ferrocene repository to keep them in sync. This
procedure is usually performed by a periodic Github Action that opens a pull
request automatically. Sometimes merge conflicts may occur in which case the conflict
needs to to be resolved manually.

Upstream Pull without merge conflicts
-------------------------------------

To sign off a automatic upstream pull without merge conflicts, the reviewer only
needs to approve the PR and comment `bors merge`. This will trigger the "full" CI
workflow. If the workflow succeeds, the Upstream Pull is getting merged.

Upstream Pull with merge conflicts
----------------------------------

If an automatic upstream pull creates merge conflicts, the automation commits the
merge conflicts and they need to be resolved manually.

Checkout PR
^^^^^^^^^^^

Start by checking out the PR. The name of the branch is
`automation/pull-upstream/<ID>`, e.g. `automation/pull-upstream/dfvjj2s4`::

    git fetch
    git switch automation/pull-upstream/<ID>

Fix conflict
^^^^^^^^^^^^

To find the conflicting files run following command::

>   python ferrocene/ci/scripts/detect-conflict-markers.py

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ferrocene/ci/scripts/detect-conflict-markers.py
```

Nit: the path to the Python executable is not needed.

Author: Oh what?!?!?? 🤯

There are multiple kinds of merge conflicts:

General conflict
""""""""""""""""

For general conflicts the output will look similar to this::

  compiler/rustc_abi/Cargo.toml: conflict between lines 18 and 20

Fix the conflict manually and stage the changed files::

  git add <FILE_1> <FILE_2> # stages file(s)

Deletion conflict
"""""""""""""""""

For deletion conflicts the output will look similar to this::

  compiler/rustc_abi/src/layout.rs: file deleted by one side of the merge

This conflict happens when we made changes to a file and it gets deleted by
upstream.

Usually this is solved by removing the file::

  git rm <FILE_1> <FILE_2> # removes file(s) and stages that change

Nevertheless it is necessary to make sure that the purpose we changed the file
for is preserved. For example if this file was a test case used in the
traceability matrix, we might need to find a new testcase. Or if we made
changes to a bootstrap file, we might need to port this change to another file.

> These changes should happen in a separate PR though.

Reviewer: I don't think this is always accurate:

* For test cases that regress the traceability matrix yes, the new tests should be discovered in a followup PR.
* For any other change, the same functionality must be restored as part of the same PR.

Author: Reworded it

Commit and push
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

After having fixed the conflicts, commit your changes, push them to the branch

> and follow `Upstream Pull without merge conflicts`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and ask for a code review from another member of the team.
```

  git rm <FILE_1> <FILE_2> # removes file(s) and stages that change

> Apart from deleting the file it is necessary to make sure that the purpose we

Reviewer 2: a pause, for ease of reading
```suggestion
Apart from deleting the file, it is necessary to make sure that the purpose we
```

changed the file for is preserved. For example if we changed a bootstrap file,
we need to port this change to another file. Usually this change needs to
happen in the same PR.

Some changes might be deferred to a follow-up PR. For example if the deleted

> file was a test case used in the traceability matrix, the investigation if we

Reviewer 2: this is not so readable... maybe this is what is meant
```suggestion
file was a test case used in the traceability matrix, we may
```
